feat(mnq): add how tos and quickstart (#2228)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/manage-credentials.mdx

dates:
  validation: 2023-10-03
  posted: 2022-08-11 
tags: manage credentials messaging queuing  permissions update revoke 
categories:
  - serverless 
---

This page shows how to manage [credentials](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#credentials) for Scaleway Messaging and Queuing. Credentials for SQS or SNS can be updated to change their permissions, or revoked. NATS credentials can only be revoked, not updated. Once credentials are revoked, any user trying to use the credentials to connect to the service will be denied.

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [activated SQS/SNS or created a NATS account](/serverless/messaging/how-to/get-started/)
  - You have [created credentials](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/)
</Message>

## How to update SQS or SNS credentials

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

2. Click SQS or SNS depending on which service you want to update credentials for.

> 3. In the **Credentials** tab, click the <Icon name="more" /> button next to the credentials you want to update, and select **Update credentials**. A popup displays, such as the one below for SQS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Credentials** tab, click the <Icon name="more" /> button next to the credentials you want to update, and select **Update credentials**. A pop-up displays, such as the one below for SQS:
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-update-credential-sqs.webp" alt="" />

4. Make the required updates to your credentials. You can modify the name, and the permissions.

5. Click **Update credentials**.

    The credentials are updated and you are returned to the protocol's **Credentials** listing.

## How to revoke SQS or SNS credentials

> 1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

Reviewer: same comment as above but feel free to ignore

2. Click **SQS** or **SNS** depending on which service you want to revoke credentials for.

3. In the **Credentials** tab, click the <Icon name="more" /> button next to the credentials you want to revoke and select **Revoke**.

>     A popup displays, warning you that this action is irreversible and the key will no longer be able to access your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A pop-up displays, warning you that this action is irreversible and the key will no longer be able to access your service.
```

4. Click **Revoke credentials**.

    The credentials are revoked and you are returned to the protocol's **Credentials** listing.

## How to revoke NATS credentials

> 1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

Reviewer: same as above

2. Click **NATS** and select the NATS account you want to revoke credentials for.

3. In the **Credentials** pabel, click the <Icon name="delete" /> button next to the credentials you want to revoke.

>     A popup displays, warning you that this action is irreversible and the key will no longer be able to access your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A pop-up displays, warning you that this action is irreversible and the key will no longer be able to access your service.
```
